perfection it's not a destination it's a
journey along the way you challenge
yourself you repeat what worked and
change what didn't you test and refine
and repeat that's the philosophy behind
quality at Ram trucks the pursuit of
quality is a continuing process it all
comes down to eliminating flaws turning
weaknesses into strengths how do you do
it simple design the best truck you can
imagine then push it to its limits first
there's level testing that's where our
engineers try to break the truck to push
it beyond what a normal owner would ever
do there are frame twists like this
and then there's the trailer towing test
we call this one the soup bowl
then we do extensive consumer testing
and we don't just get any consumers we
recruit what we call the 95th percentile
the group of people who are most abusive
to one or another component of the truck
for example my daughter is in the 95th
percentile of door slammers the new 2013
ram 1500 is our best truck yet but we
still rely on old-fashioned direct
customer feedback too we ask every
single person who bought a ram truck one
simple question would you recommend your
new ram truck to a friend our scores
began high and they're only getting
higher test refine succeed
you